README.md, before:

# Python-Encrypted-Communication-App

### Runbook:
- Server machine: python3 server.py
- Client machine: python3 client.py SERVER_IP

NOTE: Both parties need to have the port open on their respective machines. The default port can be configured via .env file.

### Technical implementation details:
- As a socket does not know the size of an incoming message, the other party will first forward a 10 byte character payload denoting this information.
  This packet is the size (in bytes) of how many characters the incoming message will contain.
  Its format is of a 10 digit numeric padded byte string, allowing for a maximum incoming payload just under 10 GB.
  For example: if the incoming message is of 324 bytes size, the received message will be 0000000324. 
- Similarly, every package has to be acknowledged prior to one party being allowed to send another message. The ACK package is: ...TBD

### Unexpected error handling:
- Message is not delivered. No ACK package has been received. A retry mechanism is in place.
- Network connection is broken. No mechanism is in place other than client attempting to re-connect.
  This will create a new server socket handler. No handling exists server side.

### TODOs:
- Chat UI (probably Kivy).
- Fix connection closing mechanism to rely only on empty message rather than keyword.
- Unexpected error handling scenarios.

Commit message:

Handled socket closing breaking execution, user sending empty string, comments cleanup.

README.md, after:

# Python-Encrypted-Communication-App

### Runbook:
- Server machine: python3 server.py
- Client machine: python3 client.py SERVER_IP

NOTE: Both parties need to have the port open on their respective machines. The default port can be configured via .env file.

### Technical implementation details:
- As a socket does not know the size of an incoming message, the other party will first forward a 10 byte character payload denoting this information.
  This packet is the size (in bytes) of how many characters the incoming message will contain.
  Its format is of a 10 digit numeric padded byte string, allowing for a maximum incoming payload just under 10 GB.
  For example: if the incoming message is of 324 bytes size, the received message will be 0000000324. 
- Similarly, every package has to be acknowledged prior to one party being allowed to send another message. The ACK package is: ...TBD

### Unexpected error handling:
- Messages being sent as an empty string should result in no action. This is to prevent the socket broadcasting a closed connection instead (default python socket behavior).
- Message is not delivered. No ACK package has been received. A retry mechanism is in place.
- Network connection is broken. No mechanism is in place other than client attempting to re-connect.
  This will create a new server socket handler. No handling exists server side.

### TODOs:
- Chat UI (probably Kivy).
- Fix connection closing mechanism to rely only on empty message rather than keyword.
- Unexpected error handling scenarios.
